Although Tiandi Xuanhuang Xiaoyuan Dan belongs to the low-grade gold
But also look at the comparison object
For example, pills above gold
Although the grade is not as good as
But fortunately, the effect is very unique
If you compare it to secular medicine
But too much higher
How the hell do you drive a car without eyes?
This car is the latest model I just mentioned
Can you afford it?
The paint is peeling
Why are you a turtle again?
Look at the dog, it's so damn bad
Tell me how to pay
Obviously you hit me with your car
Is it really okay to reverse black and white like this?
How dare you talk back
Tell you this is not
Believe it or not, I called dozens of people in one call
Dare to turn you over?
Tell me how to pay
This car is the latest model
You actually knocked off a lot of money
Well, my lord has a lot of 500,000